Update readme.md (#47)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-unity-samples: samples_project/Assets/SampleViewer/Samples/VRSample/readme.md

> # Simulate Virtual Reality

Author: What about 'Simulate ArcGISMaps In Virtual Reality'?

> # Simulate Virtual Reality

Reviewer: I like it. If other Normandy like it too I think we can use that one because we don't have any other API doing this.

> # Simulate ArcGISMaps In Virtual Reality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Simulate ArcGISMaps in Virtual Reality
```

Move around an ArcGIS World using Virtual Reality to move and fly through different cities
![Image of Virtual Reality Simulation](VR.jpg)

How to use the sample
This sample runs off of the OpenXR framework and supports the following headsets/devices:
1. Meta Rift S
2. Meta Rift
3. Meta Quest
4. Meta Quest 2
5. HTC Vive
6. HTC Vive Pro
6. HTC Vive Cosmos
7. Valve Index

## Deployment
For deploying, please refer to this [document](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/deployment/)

> In order for the sample to run on Meta Headsets the device, must be placed in **Developer Mode**. Please refer to this [document](https://developer.Meta.com/documentation/native/android/mobile-device-setup/) for how to perform such an action. This must be done for running the sample in the Unity Engine, making a build to run on Windows, or making a build directly to the headset (Meta Quest, Meta Quest 2 and Meta Quest Pro)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the sample to run on Meta Headsets, the device must be placed in **Developer Mode**. Please refer to this [document](https://developer.Meta.com/documentation/native/android/mobile-device-setup/) for how to perform such an action. This must be done for running the sample in the Unity Engine, making a build to run on Windows, or making a build directly to the headset (Meta Quest, Meta Quest 2, and Meta Quest Pro)
```

1. Ensure your headset is properly connected to your computer. For Meta Headsets, make sure the Meta Desktop App is open and your headset says **connected** in the **devices** section. For Steam VR headsets, ensure Steam is open and Steam VR is running. 
2. Place the headset on your head. The sample should automatically use the headset to control the camera's position and rotation in the world. 
3. To move, use the joystick on the left controller, pushing the joystick will move you in that direction. The joystick on the right controller can be used to 'snap turn' 45 degrees, making it so you can turn around quickly. Additionally, pushing the right joystick up or down will allow the player to fly up or down in the world. 

Please ensure that the project is using URP if you are using any of the Meta Headsets listed above. HDRP may be used for any of the other headsets, but not Meta. It will cause errors in the project. 

> ## Provided Prefabs

Reviewer: I had a quick chat with Andy and we think it's better to move this information under How it works. It doesn't need to have a specific heading title. So remove the title `## Provided Prefabs` and put the text starting from `This sample provides...` under How it works before the step starts.

> This sample provides 3 prefabs for users to add to any scene making setup easy! The first prefab is the XR Origin prefab. This prefab holds all the components for tracking the VR headset and controllers, as well as the camera that renders components in the scene. The second prefab is the XR Interaction Manager. This prefab receieves the input from the headset and controllers and allows the user to move their hands using the controllers as well as control rotation of by moving their head with the headset on. With out this prefab in the scene, the sample **will not work**. The last prefab is the Locomotion System prefab. This prefab controls the movement in the sample, such as walking and flying around. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample provides three Prefabs for users to add to any scene making setup easy! The first Prefab is the **XR Origin** Prefab. This Prefab holds all the components for tracking the VR headset and controllers, as well as the camera that renders components in the scene. The second Prefab is the **XR Interaction Manager**. This Prefab receives the input from the headset and controllers and allows the user to move their hands using the controllers as well as to control the rotation by moving their head with the headset on. Without this Prefab in the scene, the sample **will not work**. The last Prefab is the **Locomotion System** Prefab. This Prefab controls the movement in the sample, such as walking and flying around. 
```

Reviewer: Another option is

```suggestion
This sample provides three Prefabs for users to add to any scene making setup easy! 
- XR Origin: This Prefab holds all the components for tracking the VR headset and controllers, as well as the camera that renders components in the scene. 
- XR Interaction Manager: This Prefab receives the input from the headset and controllers and allows the user to move their hands using the controllers as well as to control the rotation by moving their head with the headset on. Without this Prefab in the scene, the sample **will not work**. 
- Locomotion System: This Prefab controls the movement in the sample, such as walking and flying around. 
```

Reviewer: Unity is formatting the word prefab like `Prefab` so we should follow.

## How it works

1. Create a map and check the box for **Mesh Colliers Enabled** on the **ArcGIS Map** component if you want the camera to be able to interact with buildings and the ground. This will have a negative impact on performance so you may want to disable this on less powerful devices.
2. Drag and Drop the **XR Origin Prefab** into the scene.
3. Drag and drop the **XR Interaction Manager** Prefab into the scene.
4. Drag and drop the **Locomotion System** Prefab into the scene.
5. Parent the XR Origin prefab to the game object that has the ArcGISMap Component on it.

> 6. Expand the **XR Origin** game object fully and select the Main Camera Game Object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Expand the **XR Origin** game object fully and select the Main Camera game object.
```

Please ensure that the project is using URP if you are using any of the Oculus Headsets listed above. HDRP may be used for any of the other headsets, but not Oculus. It will cause errors in the project. 

## How it works

1. Check the box for **Mesh Colliers Enabled** on the `ArcGIS Map View` component if you want the camera to be able interact with buildings and the ground. This will have a negative impact on performance so you may want to disable this on less powerful devices.
2. Drag and Drop the VR Origin Prefab into the scene.
3. Drag and drop the XR Interaction Manager Prefab into the scene.
4. Draga an drop the Locomotion System Prefab into the scene.
5. Parent the XR Origin prefab to the ArcGISMap game object.
6. Expand the XR Origin fully and select the Main Camera Game Object.
7. In the Inspector, click add component and search "ArcGIS Camera Component" and add it to the Main Camera Game Object.

> 8. Press play and enjoy exploring.

Reviewer: This step looks more like How to use the sample and not How the sample is created to show the capability... If so, delete this line.

6. HTC Vive Cosmos
7. Valve Index

> In order to use this sample, connect your headset to your computer and ensure it is detected properly. Upon loading the sample, place the headset on your head. It should automatically use the headset to control the cameras height and rotation as well as position in the world. To move, use the joystick on the left controller, pushing the joystick will move you in that direction. The joystick on the right controller can be used to 'snap turn' 45 degrees, making it so you can turn around quickly. Additionally, pushing the right joystick up or down will allow the player to fly up or down in the world. 

Reviewer 2: just thought that users may not need to connect the headset if they deploy the app.

> In order to use this sample, connect your headset to your computer and ensure it is detected properly. Upon loading the sample, place the headset on your head. It should automatically use the headset to control the cameras height and rotation as well as position in the world. To move, use the joystick on the left controller, pushing the joystick will move you in that direction. The joystick on the right controller can be used to 'snap turn' 45 degrees, making it so you can turn around quickly. Additionally, pushing the right joystick up or down will allow the player to fly up or down in the world. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Place the headset on your head. The sample should automatically use the headset to control the camera's position and rotation in the world. 
2. To move, use the joystick on the left controller, pushing the joystick will move you in that direction. The joystick on the right controller can be used to 'snap turn' 45 degrees, making it so you can turn around quickly. Additionally, pushing the right joystick up or down will allow the player to fly up or down in the world. 
```
